---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_identity_provider_attributes Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pingone_identity_provider_attributes (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_identity_provider_attributes" "openid_example" {
  environment_id       = local.environment_id
  identity_provider_id = "idpId"
  name                 = "example"
  value                = "$${providerAttributes.example}"
  update               = "EMPTY_ONLY"
}

output "pingone_openid_idp_example_id" {
  value = pingone_identity_provider_attributes.openid_example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) Environment Id
- `identity_provider_id` (String)
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the user attribute, which is unique per provider. The attribute must not be defined as read only from the user schema or of type COMPLEX based on the user schema. Valid examples: username, and name.first. The following attributes may not be used: account, id, created, updated, lifecycle, mfaEnabled, and enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that specifies whether to update the user attribute in the directory with the non-empty mapped value from the IdP. Options are: EMPTY_ONLY (only update the user attribute if it has an empty value); ALWAYS (always update the user attribute value).
- `value` (String) A string that specifies a placeholder referring to the attribute (or attributes) from the provider. Placeholders must be valid for the attributes returned by the IdP type and use the ${} syntax (for example, username="${email}"). For SAML, any placeholder is acceptable, and it is mapped against the attributes available in the SAML assertion after authentication. The ${samlAssertion.subject} placeholder is a special reserved placeholder used to refer to the subject name ID in the SAML assertion response.

### Optional

- `mapping_type` (String) A read-only string that specifies the mapping type. Options are: CORE (This attribute is required by the schema and cannot be removed. The name and update properties cannot be changed.) or CUSTOM (All user-created attributes are of this type.)

### Read-Only

- `attribute_id` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the environment and identity_provider_id and attribute_id from the API
terraform import pingone_identity_provider_attributes.attribute_id environment:identity_provider_id:attribute_id
```
