---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_key Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pingone_key (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a signing key
resource "pingone_key" "key" {
  environment_id = local.environment_id
  name = "Doc test cert"
  algorithm = "RSA"
  issuer_dn = "CN=Doc test cert, OU=Ping Identity, O=Ping Identity, L=, ST=, C=US"
  usage_type = "SIGNING"
  default = false
  key_length = 2048
  signature_algorithm = "SHA256withRSA"
  subject_dn = "CN=some.fake.com"
  validity_period = 42
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `algorithm` (String) The key algorithm.
- `environment_id` (String) Environment Id
- `issuer_dn` (String) A string that specifies the distinguished name of the certificate issuer.
- `key_length` (Number) An integer that specifies the key length. For RSA keys, options are 2048, 3072, and 7680. For elliptical curve (EC) keys, options are 224, 256, and 384.
- `name` (String)
- `signature_algorithm` (String) A string that specifies the signature algorithm of the key. Examples: 'SHA256withRSA', 'SHA512withECDSA'.
- `subject_dn` (String) A string that specifies the distinguished name of the subject being secured.
- `usage_type` (String) A string that specifies how the certificate is used. Options are ENCRYPTION and SIGNING.

### Optional

- `default` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether this is the default key for the specified environment.
- `expires_at` (String) The time the key resource expires.
- `serial_number` (String) (String) An integer that specifies the serial number of the key or certificate.
- `validity_period` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of days the key is valid.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_id` (String) Key Id
- `starts_at` (String) The time the validity period starts.
- `status` (String) A string that specifies the status of the key. Options are VALID, EXPIRED, NOT_YET_VALID, and REVOKED.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the environment and key id from the API
terraform import pingone_key.key environment:key
```
